What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When I initialize a repository I create a hidden git folder. This is important, because it allows git to track the history of the file/files
in the repository and to save different versions of the file/files each time I choose to "commit".

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

It offers the possibility to save a copy of older versions of a same file by using the commit function. It is also an
intermediate between the committed file and the usual files that are in the directory but that aren't tracked.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Thanks to the staging area I can now observe the difference between the current version of a file and the most recent
committed version. This allows me to compare both of them and to judge more easily if the change done is appropriate enough
to commit or just too small.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches can be really helpful, because they can allow a programmer to organize the developement of different experimental
features by seperating the branches they are in. This allows to test a piece of code without worrying about other changes made
recently that aren't related to the experimental feature of interest.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches is combining the final result of branch to the final result of the other branch. The reason
we represent it in the diagram as we do is that by merging both branches together we even merge their history.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

The advantage is that you can save a lot of time that would otherwise be spent copy pasting lines like a robot, whilst an
actual robot can do it for you. The problem is that it may create a few bugs by misplacing lines or maybe placing them in a
place that you wouldn't, because it doesn't make any logical sense. Plus, if you change the order of your lines, like if
you add an empty (or not) line of code I think thank all the other lines will be detected as a change... [not sure]
